Medical care is part of the fact that medical care and management are managed.
It is why do not I have to a total of one person it if it is an individual
We manage it
If you ask
God Tari a lot of accounting relationship Toka or a milk adopted
That's what makes the section so independent and wood snowing that day
A certain kind of comes to the scale and saw even 2 in about a doctor now 40 people as a medical institution
Such indirect part of degree is transmitted
If we are small, we can not do such a function
Furthermore, for example, this hospital has ct, but there are two units for one teacher to treat alone
So that is
It is difficult to compare acupuncture and contrast 6 days a week here as a minimum 6 days a week medical treatment
When a minimum of six and has a clinic in 7 days a week, 7 days a week by the power
If possible on the state teacher in more than eight're 4 is always it to medical now
It is also a very favorable condition from continuity
So when I think of it , that individual dental clinic
I say family new primary care
The first early prevention or a small odorless
And big medical institution feels like secondary medical institution and more advanced treatment
Now I am going to make big things even smaller, because I'm going to divide each one into more complex procedures
We believe that there is a separation of doing in conjunction with the state where
Dr. Suzuki is securing a place to sleep in Tokyo to go back and forth between Tokyo and Nagoya
Mansion of older brother ldk in Tokyo
I wonder if that's strange, but you guys and I
Since part Shinkansen is the Ginza and Shinjuku the other Tokyo of question because it is 35 minutes So 1 hour
Leaks did you minute empty in considered a person
Played
Dozens more and more
Boo Bo Tatsuma Brown rice in a bowl with Uchino Ryoma
Early enough
Muscle training and gymnastics are essential to keep the intoxication
Phew
This is a stick with a professional dryer
I touch it so much
Take care of things
Management of stone objects is also important
Tokyo Shinjuku this day do the doctor had planned to one of the surgery Suzuki
Its mainstay is surgery to make bones
Tokyo Shinjuku Suzuki is this day
Perform the most advanced implant surgery
Arrive at Shinjuku Swan Dental on 1 pm on time
What kind of operation is it?
And for very little thanks bone of the upper jaw that can not be the infrastructure do and usually
I will make a bone surgery
If there is a front tooth to say
There is such a hollow in the back teeth
Because there is such a cavity , even if you try implant in this depth, this actual thickness is
Many people have only one eye
However
If you make a bone here and make a hole
Thus, the maxillary cavity part is completely suspected in the bone
This procedure is the thickness of the skull
Are you about 15 mm
If you type a very good implant by using a portion of Basoko long as you can
And at the time of injecting the bone of a reinforcing agent intensity of bone embedded in a thin implant after Wow it is not enough
From Umeko
Implant main force called sinus lift
Without damaging the membrane between the bone and the cavity
A high degree of surgery to put the word teaching materials
Loss if surgery starts
Tah ah ah ah
wh
Coffee Suzuki made some important decisions during surgery
The brainstem likes to take in in anxiety but d anemia half is in Shiga
Usually after feeding a bone reinforcement
If you wait for half a year to set , then insert the implant
Since the bone strength of the book was to some extent, it was judged that the injection of the teaching material and the implant could be done simultaneously.
What
It is a treatment unique to experienced Dr. Suzuki
The burden on the patient who finished the operation was done only once
Another This is the feeling at that luck + and the universe and virtuoso Yes, once
It is to be described in a single election 2
When you look at the red photos, the impland is firmly embedded
This rich knowledge and experience of Dr. Suzuki is a great benefit to the staff as well
It is also necessary to train staff who will acquire such advanced skills
Program for the training of doctors and dentists Suzuki doctor is a qualified small business consultant in now
Set out to make
In the case of a general company, there should be a system that should be naturally
Manual system even in the underground city
Since the 4 specifications of the manual March, so it makes no sense how to check it
Is how anyone or mechanical say to the innovation we month against each
Come bait Tsuhito is quite 2 in the people it says do not be able to buy anything with money so you can buy
Absent
The
After training good human resources and citrine
It is important
It is important to recruit various good people and to develop good people
Oh and dental clinic gaze Suzuki doctor
To save the organization for good medical care
Do you have 80% or more human problems ?
No matter how raising the dolly human resources
It's the staff that you
Or you have to work for the above
I think that's all
We welcome an aging society
People who have troubles with teeth do n't increase
Implant treatment can be said to lead to its solution
The future is to wear the correct knowledge of implant treatment
It will be important